Add Design Team Operational Guidelines (#1976)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/product/design/index.md

Our design process is documented here: **[Design process](design_process.md)**

> ## Design Team Operational Guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Design Principles
```

I'd prefer to rename this to "Design principles" – "Operational guidelines" seems more like "the tools, processes we use" than "how we make decisions."

Reviewer 2: I agree operational guidelines would describe the process surrounding design at Sourcegraph. This is focused on how we make decisions about design.

Rules that help us make decisions in crucial moments of the design process.

- **Always design with the advanced user in mind**

> Our users are mostly highly skilled developers who are used to complex interfaces. They are more knowledgeable and need less guidance than regular web users. They also have higher expectations and are less forgiving.

Reviewer 3: Sourcegraph is for all developers, so want to clean up wording to not alienate anyone :) 

```suggestion
Our users are developers who are accustomed to using complex interfaces. They are more knowledgeable and need less guidance than regular web users. They also have higher expectations and are less forgiving.
```

- **Consider familiar patterns first**

> Whenever possible, use well-known patterns from products our users spend a lot of time in, like IDEs or code hosts.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Whenever possible, use well-known patterns from products our users spend a lot of time in, like IDEs, code hosts, or other developer tools.
```

- **Don't hesitate to innovate but remember to onboard**

Sourcegraph offers a unique product. Often repeating the known patterns will not be enough. If you came up with a custom solution that can take the experience to the next level, don’t hesitate to implement it. In those cases, remember to onboard the user. Show them how things work and trust them to follow. If necessary, provide additional docs.

- **Strive for visual excellence**

People are visual creatures. That remains true for our technical audience as well. Sourcegraph interface should feel pleasing, not overwhelming, and natural to use.

- **Design today with the future in mind**

Sourcegraph is growing at an extraordinary pace. Our designs need to be flexible enough to accommodate changes and improvements. Always choose the solutions that work today but can be easily adapted for the future development. Our goal is to redesign as little as possible so our users do not have to adjust to frequent changes.

- **Manage complexity**

> We need to handle the unavoidable complexity of our product. Our users should see Sourcegraph as a powerful and intuitive tool. Aim to remove obstacles and unnecessary elements from both flows and interfaces. Use just-in-time knowledge and contextual help to educate and empower. Enable shortcuts and customisations, especially for power users.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We need to handle the unavoidable complexity of our product. Our users should see Sourcegraph as a powerful and intuitive tool. Aim to remove obstacles and unnecessary elements from both flows and interfaces. Use just-in-time knowledge and contextual help to educate and empower. Enable shortcuts and customizations, especially for technical users accustomed to using keyboard navigation.
```
